MODELIX-608 Health check for warming up the MPS cache (#332)
modelix/modelix.core: docs/global/modules/core/pages/reference/component-mps-model-server-plugin.adoc

Reports an unhealthy system when no virtual folders are available.
This might also be true in case a project without virtual folders is fully loaded.

=== loadModels

Can be used to eagerly load model data avoiding a slow first query.
Multiple `moduleNamespace` parameters can be provided to specify the relevant modules.

> All modules starting with the string provided by that parameter are included.

Reviewer: So an appropriate request would be?

```
/health?loadModels=true&moduleNamespace=foo.bar
```

A bit weird that parameters are now used for two purposes. One time for selecting the check, and then here as a special case for the modules.

In any case, a valid example call given this complexity would be good to have in the docs.

Author: I solved the part that requires MPS knowledge. Feel free to continue working on this PR.

Reviewer 2: Ok. Thank you for solving the MPS parts. I can continue with the details.

Reports an unhealthy system when no virtual folders are available.
This might also be true in case a project without virtual folders is fully loaded.

[#loadModels]
=== loadModels

> It can be used to eagerly load model data, avoiding a slow first query.

Reviewer: Maybe one additional sentence helps here:

```suggestion
Returns after trying to eagerly cache a set of specified modules.
This check can be used to avoiding a slow first ModelQl query after launching an MPS instance running this plugin.
```
